salad By the way, eh, with the world, not
with me. Well, I don't know, let's go.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, so angry, the note,
angry, and then I saw the statement
that she left Twitter. I mean,
angry because for me, the only thing that makes
sense to me that Marta is angry is the fact
that she
expected a different reaction
from people and it wasn't what she expected.
What reason does she have to get angry
unless she had a fight at
home, which I don't know, we'll never know. You
also know what happens, for
example, at the time, I remember that
people complained a lot about, of course,
on Telecinco, to praise Rocío
Carrasco, they throw Rocío Flores to the ground and
now it appears here that to praise
Olga Moreno, who, mind you, I adore her, they are
throwing Rocío Flores or Marta into the puddle at
risk and it seems to me that it's not
necessary. I'm not going to sanctify
Marta, I assure you, never.
Let's start with what happened
this weekend because I
have a part and  I think that a lot of people
agree with me but I don't know your
opinion there is a part that there is a part that has
been completely in agreement
with me part that I think is fine that I would have
done it too but then there is
another part that I think has been
a misstep on Marta
riesgo's part and that I understand but she would have to
improve her letters
the part that I
agree with is in the argument that she had
with the twitterer I would have done
exactly the same I would have said
listen to me put your photo And this is you
and it doesn't seem to me that you are in a
position to criticize anyone let's
read Loli and tell me your opinion
Marina you are a treasure up there you are
always worth a lot a kiss Thank you
Loli Thank you very much thank you
Marta this weekend started on
Friday things exploded because there are a
series of twitterers that in my opinion what I
interpret is that Marta
somehow has the conviction that that group
of twitterers and that group of fans of a
certain YouTube channel that Juanjo who
attack her on behalf of gold Or rather
the feeling I get is  that Marta
is completely convinced that
these twitterers and other followers of
Juanjo's channel are attacking
Marta and are very harsh with Marta because of Olga, I mean
as if Olga sent them. I think
that Marta's theory is completely
wrong but the fact is that on
Friday Marta explodes because of a
publication and the twitterer avoids
Dinamita and decides
on Saturday to publish Vita's photograph
and tell her that well she is not in a
position to criticize her how do
you see that Marina Well look, I have it very
clear let's see, I
know it's not that I think And I have an opinion it's that I know that
Marta's behavior on
social networks, mind you, there are things that I don't
justify I mean, don't tell me you're a
lickspittle Marta you
lickspittle to anyone or rather in my life
that Marta's behavior on
social networks is due to the following: it's because
Marta can't stand
that there is a fairly large group of
twitterers who
greatly praise the figure of Olga
Moreno, who sanctify her and who have
Marta's as if Olga were
a  Santa and Marta were a [ __ ]
because Marta has in her possession a lot of
information about things she has seen, things she
knows and things she has experienced that are not
beneficial and that do not correspond with
that image that those people on Twitter
have of Olga, what happens is that
Marta can't tell all that because she does
n't and she's not going to do it. While she
is with Antonio David then Marta
feels a frustration of not being able to
talk, that's why she has those tantrums and
those attacks, some of which she doesn't
justify, others I can understand, and
others I can't and she has those attitudes. Of course,
I sense that from Face to the gallery when
Antonio David goes to Malaga and she is at
home in Madrid or is on the
program and goes into an outbreak, I understand that
seen from the outside you say [ __ ] Sorry you
say honey cut it out because I think that
everything is going a bit out of hand and
that the one who was harmed was going to be you and
that it's hard to understand that Antonio David
authorizes Hey, it's his Twitter account
but he authorizes that knowing that Olga is
the mother of his daughter and that above all I
also respect the fact that Antonio
David remains silent, I think he has
a reason that I'm going to explain later okay
but I think that the reason
Marta is hiding is that she already knows a lot of
things about Olga and that for her from what she
knows Olga Moreno is not the Olga that they
want to paint on social media watch out let's not
kill the messenger who in this case is
marinas anal Marina anal doesn't think so I think she
thinks so Marta
two questions I'm going to ask you as many as
you want honey let's see
I totally agree with what you
said you've explained it very well
whoever doesn't want to understand it can't
understand it here the question is not that
we marinas Javier oliveira
think the same as Marta but that is what what
Marina was talking about is that according to Marta risk according to Marta risk
and what she is
wanting to do is put because that is what she is
experiencing according to Marta risk Olga Moreno would
not be that
deified person that people have on social media I'm
not saying that we think so eh
an interpretation that I think that whoever has
n't caught on for a long time
listen to me In fact I don't think so eh I
mean I don't think but of course it's that I
we don't  we have been there we have not
experienced things that she has experienced you know
So she I know what she thinks and for a long
time now of course in the end from
outside we as spectators Even
as YouTube or as journalists I If I
had to go by what I see from the
outside I say Marta aunt I don't understand you
Olgasted already at the forefront in the
interviews she has always been most prudent
with Antonio David there hasn't been
a bad word there has always been a
good word as a father she has stayed out of it she
has behaved like a
lady I think it and I still think it but
I think that Marta thinks that things
within the family nucleus that remain
internal there must have been things that have nothing to
do with the image that Olga
tries to project I repeat what I think
Marta thinks and that is why it frustrates her that it
seems that she feels that
everyone is in favor of Olga and
against her So it is common it
sprouts and with each outbreak she gets scalded
and more frustrated and she tries to fix it and it
comes out worse you know So it is like it is not about
that because sometimes they are
behaviors that can be seen as
childish people are evil to me I see
anger I see that there are like  anger and
frustration and to say that it seems to me that she
wants the language Yes yes and I repeat it
is not an excuse and people will
turn on us again it gives me
Exactly the same, I mean it's that you know
then the second question do you think that
Antonio David approves of
Marta's behavior no me neither
in fact I think he tries to stop her and he can't he
seems like the typical person
[Music]
no let's see I understand that they will be
family conflicts in which
from Marta's perspective
Olga is doing things wrong and you are
screwing them and she is not right
but of course we are talking about
family conflicts and what makes her
angry and why she wants to
bring out those things that could be
negative about Olga that she will have I
have them in my house surely you
have them in yours surely but
people do not have to know but of course
the problem here is the following one that there is
an error on the part of the audience and
another error on Marta's part the error on the
part of the audience is that instead
of criticizing Marta for what they have to
criticize her for they always enter into
comparisons or rather  and that is a mistake that is
made But
effective for the person who is
starring it I mean if you are
constantly receiving attacks that you are
uglier than the other the others more of a lady than
you the others a better mother than you the other
dresses better than you the other more
hardworking than you and you feel that it is the
opposite there comes a time when you
feel the need to explode and
you blind yourself and you do not realize that in
public As much as you want to
explain to me what is happening to you in
public And this is a
reality what is being seen is an
attack by Marta I risk without any
response and without any previous attack
from Olga Moreno
evidently Let's see let's see if
evidently Marta has her sights set on
exactly what she is saying taquito
no no Clear clear clear evidently
Marta will have what Antonio David tells her
she has been involved in the
family nucleus for a long time so I
think that Marta has had a hard time finding
her place let's see we must also understand
her part and look the one I
understand the most here is Olga because I think that at the
end of the day  sentimental Olga
for me has been the main one on a
sentimental level I'm talking to you the main
victim victim in the sense that she
speaks to you on a sentimental level then I'm not
going to judge the facet as a mother as a
father, I'm not going to get into that at all but it
is true that I can understand
Marta in the time that she has been
a bit
in the shadows in some things So it has
been like I want my place I want my place I
want my place and now that I
have it it's like what happens is that I think
Marta has managed it quite badly
on some occasions I think the
problem is that she doesn't feel like she has
her place Marina Of course of course because she
feels that Olga's shadow is always there
you have a place as
Antonio David's partner that it is already known that she is
his partner and all but she has to
feel a contempt for the audience in
the sense that we wanted
Antonio David to be with Olga but the thing is
that she doesn't have him she has that
insecurity that she has always had because she
has them since always and those are always those
Marta is an insecure woman with
deficiencies she has always been and that's it and
nothing happens and it shows plus she does
n't have  that need Twitter's approval
If he's so happy because he's
in love with Antonio David I think that
's the only thing that nobody doubts he has to be
worth it with that or rather that need to
expose the family so much when he goes
to the house with Olga's little dog west
with those things for me even if there is no
bad intention for me they are unnecessary
because they are not good for her it's that you
know for her I mean it's for her So the thing is that I have
mixed feelings about the Marta issue or rather and I
think evidently I think Marta is
wrong yes yes yes yes it happens to me
Exactly the same with that issue and in the
end in the Twitter issue not with
why Of course
Olga Moreno's sister also gets involved they have that
clash there that I also have
mixed feelings on that issue because let's
see Raquel or rather let's see how I explain it
you can post that tweet and then we
'll see it again the one who doesn't because he reports me no
if I take her out no because she's
saying that she wants to report me because
she's anonymous Tell me about it And that's it and
we avoid nonsense okay it's that I don't
have it exactly but  is a
public person who has made statements
even the reason Tell me okay let's see there is
a tweet okay in which I believe let's see
is that I don't want to be wrong it is a
tweet like this it says Raquel
what Marta put in the photo of Evita no
that supposedly it was Evita I do
n't know if it is Evita if it is Perlita or
if it is Aunt Paquita really no no what is that I don't
know if it was her or not okay
then it
says to come out in defense of Evita
put Raquel something no like we have to
denounce this character for Marta
then high Marta
both understand is that I want the
exact answer If someone can
tell me implying that call me
okay
look from here comes Evita and
I do believe that Evita is a friend of
Olga's sister but not of Olga It's that to
me first hand and I can say it Olga
what she has told me is that I am going to
tell you with these words and you are going to
understand me perfectly Olga what she
has always told me is that she
completely disassociates herself from what anyone says
on Twitter on Juanjo's Channel on
any social network and that nobody talks
through her mouth and nobody has any idea
of ​​what she lives or what she does
because she doesn't make any kind of
statements to anyone for them to make
or for them to make and so that nothing
that nobody knows about her life is what
she has always told me Olga that what they already
talk or put on Twitter that she
cannot control okay But wait I
want Wait wait I want to get
back to this topic Marta to this tweet
answer something like wow
Can someone tell me answer something like
wow like Look where it's coming from we already
know where it's coming from no no like
making a
hallucinatorga that Olga like that the person is not
Olga I want to read that tweet I can
read that tweet Someone can tell me it's
something like that If someone can put it to me
literally
yes you have Marta Look at Twitter and what she
answers Answer something like this
lady calls me a character because I want to
do I want to tell about something from there to
see
a photograph from Twitter Raquel Moreno
or rather Raquel Moreno and she have a
confrontation on Twitter like two
public figures that they are and Marta says
this lady who calls me a character and
has me blocked we know  Who is it yes we
all knew that when
Luisa Galván insults us they all insult us take a
look at the tweets get over it and of course
here she is I understand that she is putting
Olga in the bag there
is a Twitter in which Marta says a
lady one as if alluding to Olga what
a great lady like that
yes it is in response to a tweet of mine
in which I put two comparisons of this
girl she avoids dynamite in which she
gets into people because she is
messing with the physique of I don't know who
but nevertheless she also gets into
the physique of others I mean she is
a jewel I mean she avoids this Dinamita is
a jewel but come on to mark her I am not
going to defend her
says Marta risk according to a certain Raquel
Moreno who calls me a character this
lady is not to be touched because she is a good
person well like that with everything and she tells
someone she is Olga's sister and says
Marta the sister of The great lady
calls me a character the prudent ones in
quotes that do not get involved in anything and who
never talk about their private life we ​​already
know Who wants to be  character and
who didn't stop until he got it with a stroke
of reality and exclusive talking about
children that aren't his
Marina forgive me What I see here is that he
's attacking Olga
in response to Raquel Yes yes for me that
comment
to Olga Look I understand for me that
comment by Marta the thing about the
children was totally unfortunate that one
in particular everything totally
unfortunate then the thing with Raquel I did
n't understand either I mean the
Raquel moment because it's clear that it's with Marta
riesgo because I
obviously know and as a sister maybe I
can understand it is that of course at the
time they man at the time the
family was attentive I remember
perfectly that time of let's see
who Marta riesgo was and finding out is
that I remember that
stage perfectly let's see if Marta riesgo
was in Antonio David's life or not
and they obviously had a bad time then
I understand that they didn't appear also in
Ana Rosa I remember because on the Channel
in the chat of wajo
no well
that I damn I had the season that
spoke with Raquel and I had a bad time
she you know
the reason talking to you on one occasion
and also  they came out I don't know if it was the same
brother or not or several that came out in
Ana Rosa also one one chat of the
Wow chat Channel of a live Wow In
which the sisters were like
saying what a gift that
Marta takes that she keeps it all like super
Juan Antonio David too and with Marta
the subject of the I mean the sisters always
but let's see the sisters They are
sisters No obviously look look Javi
I'm fed up with it sorry eh sorry
and I don't like to speak badly I'm come
read here blanca It's that I've been reading it
all day whitewashing Marta chapter
how much whitewashing Marta that here nobody
whitewashes nobody it seems It's that I'm
really telling you that it makes me angry and it
gets on my nerves already this subject man all
day and I talk going on networks that it
seems that Marta riesgo has killed
manolete man or that Marta arieso is
[ __ ] because Marta riesgo screws up because
she is screwing up and screwing up nonstop but
Marta riesgo is human and Marta
ariesco should also be granted the
benefit of the  doubt and we will have to
understand her because if someone doesn't understand her
the poor girl then we talk about
Mental Health and things that are
screwing her up well she is screwing her up and what happens
because she is already loading Olga
Moreno is a Saint by that rule of
three that Rocío carreras with her moment
that we have given her for the hair and with
reason what do we do we wish for her that she
throws herself off a bridge we wish for her well
no boy I mean people
are also human it's that I read some things here
boy really it's that I didn't ask for forgiveness
for getting like this but it's that Calm down It's not that
[ __ ] your nose also let's
see Marta Ríos regarding this to
this subject of well about Evita because
today people on social networks have told her
well Hey Marta today she will have woken up
more peaceful she will apologize she will have
reflected on her attitude etc etc okay
Okay then her answer since I'm like
laughing I don't know about being a little
Bipolar too I don't know
this martharijo thing must be infecting me according to
people of course Let's see wait it doesn't surprise me
you already  you have to laugh let's
see Marta what you're telling me let's see
Marina making me understand apologies
what she says maybe I lied about something
Why does she say sorry I'll have to ask
if I lied about something she doesn't say because in
my tweets where have I put it because she says she says
because of course I say no but maybe there are
people who well say no that you
can be envious of Olga or such and so when I
ask her well I became envious what are you
saying and it's that if I'm with the
person I love she says that what she
wants is to be left alone and not to get
involved she asks her not to get involved
Olga's sister because to defend or
rather to defend an aunt who is
insulting her or rather or whatever organ says that she
exposes her daughter you know Olga's sister
wants to be mass and replying that
that can't be either I understand that she
is a sister or rather I for my sister would
bite her I mean for my sister I would
bite anyone's nut and Marta
highlights and says that the only thing she
says is how can she
worth calling her Marta characters
and characters she hit  of reality
show and that's it and that and that and
why Raquel gets involved in a
public complaint that she's making to a
woman, that's it and like Olga Well, because
last week she mentioned the issue of
overexposure etc. Well, in connection with
all of that it comes and that's why I'm telling you
that Marta is angry Marta is
angry and that's it and people can
think what you want Yes yes yes I see it
a question okay okay being right with
someone when they're right is not offending
another person a big kiss sweetheart darling We
love you so much
Marino
yes as always The
other day a
circumstance came to me to see everyone knows and it
makes me angry to have to
justify myself and when I'm going to say something I have to
put Vaseline on it I don't know if the
same thing happens to you total
context that I have supported Olga in
everything I appreciate her I like her great
we are neighbors it is always contributed on this
[ __ ] great channel I mean I think it's the
channel where she has had the most details
But honestly I don't think Marta in
this tweet I am insulting her it may be
unfortunate but I don't think  she's
insulting her and she's saying that Olga
Moreno has done exclusive
reality shows and has talked about children that
aren't hers And now I ask you Marina, do
you agree with this statement
or is Marta lying?
No no Marta is not lying but it
seems very cruel to me because it seems very
cruel to me because she has
done that but always to no no no no
Marta is not lying yes to me it is not
the lie that is reprehensible to Marta there I
think in that case a little bit of bad
intention that I can see that comment
at this moment which I think is not appropriate
because if she did it it is for the best and I
think that even if she is not a biological mother
Olga has taken care of those children like
no one else and she is within her right to
talk about two people that she knows that she has
loved and that she has raised It's that I
defend one thing that's why that's why that's why
both one thing and the
other then whitewashing Martos
you imagine that Diego has I
missed Loli's chat
Yes it can be put back on
you imagine that Diego is partly
right just as she knows it wanting to
know her comment that  you have
Ah the comment about Olga now we
will tell it now we will tell it let's see I
don't see that it is me what I see is that it is
a gratuitous attack on Olga Moreno when
Olga Moreno is not entering lady she is
messing with you the sister
answer the sister
is messing with you handsome
answer her quietly she is messing
with you Evita answers the Evita But what does
Olga have to do with this
But because the war the
personal Crusade of Marta unconsciously is
Olga is why we have talked before
because she cannot avoid it And it is a failure
the failure of the Great failure no there it is not an error
and apart from a very clumsy error because it does
not favor her because she would gain the
empathy of the people better if she does not do this it is
that everyone was with her in
everything that was happening with with
Evita was with her if we are going to
see you can't in the case of Evita
okay I have already talked about this but I am talking about it
here with you too you cannot go
and pretend to sue someone that they are not
going to sue I am telling you because
if she is going to sue you do not put yourself later at
night to do a live on YouTube
giving her an exclusive  to no one about the
subject and everything and to put memes on your
Twitter account and enjoying Marta
again for her physique And such But you
imagine a trial in which you say
no it's that this person has exposed my
photo and my name okay And that photo and your
name Where was it on my other
social networks and on this website Ah
so you uploaded the photo yes
published the photo no yes yes And why did
this person publish your photo because
I'm messing with her physique
before surgery And then I was
laughing at her and wants us to be on
the same level you imagine that trial
Marina I mean because I really
What do you want me to tell you let's see I
maybe wouldn't have done like
[Music]